API design: Improve host identifiers in the docs, CLI and API (#19442)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

### Get host by identifier

Returns the information of the host specified using the `id`, `uuid`, `hardware_serial`, `osquery_host_id`, or `hostname` as an identifier.

If `hostname` is specified when there is more than one host with the same hostname, the endpoint returns the first matching host. In Fleet, hostnames are fully qualified domain names (FQDNs).

> > `hostname` is not the same as the host's display name. Hostname usually looks like this `john-macbook.local`.

Reviewer: Minor verbiage change suggestion:
```suggestion
> `hostname` is not the same as the host's display name. For example, a host displayed as "John's MacBook Pro" would usually have a hostname like `Johns-MacBook-Pro.local`.
```
